org/example/adapter/Main.java
 org.example.adapter.Main
org/example/model/TodoRequest.java
 org.example.model.TodoRequest
org/example/adapter/SocketAdapter.java
 org.example.adapter.SocketAdapter
org/example/adapter/AirConditioner.java
 org.example.adapter.AirConditioner
org/example/adapter/Electronic220V.java
 org.example.adapter.Electronic220V
org/example/aop/AopAdapter.java
 org.example.aop.AopAdapter
org/example/controller/TodoController.java
 org.example.controller.TodoController
org/example/TodoServerApplication.java
 org.example.TodoServerApplication
org/example/proxy/Main.java
 org.example.proxy.Main
org/example/adapter/Cleaner.java
 org.example.adapter.Cleaner
org/example/proxy/BrowserProxy.java
 org.example.proxy.BrowserProxy
org/example/proxy/Html.java
 org.example.proxy.Html
org/example/proxy/IBrowser.java
 org.example.proxy.IBrowser
org/example/adapter/Electronic110V.java
 org.example.adapter.Electronic110V
org/example/service/TodoService.java
 org.example.service.TodoService
org/example/model/TodoResponse.java
 org.example.model.TodoResponse
org/example/proxy/Browser.java
 org.example.proxy.Browser
org/example/repository/TodoRepository.java
 org.example.repository.TodoRepository
org/example/model/TodoModel.java
 org.example.model.TodoModel
org/example/adapter/HairDryer.java
 org.example.adapter.HairDryer
org/example/aop/Main.java
 org.example.aop.Main
